Introduce initial version 2 and stronger versioning support for the spec (#384)
elastic/package-spec: README.md

1. the folder structure of packages and expected files within these folders; and
2. the structure of the expected files' contents.

In the spec folder there is be a `spec.yml` file. This file is the entry point for the

>  specification for a package's contents. It describes the the folder structure of packages and expected
> files within these folders (this is point 1. above). The specification is expressed using a schema simil
> ar to [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/), but with a couple of differences:
> -- The `type` field can be either `folder` or `file`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 specification for a package's contents. It describes the folder structure of packages and expected
files within these folders (this is point 1. above). The specification is expressed using a schema similar
to [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/), but with a couple of differences:
-- The `type` field can be either `folder` or `file`,
```

  * If the proposed change makes the specification stricter than it is at `x.y.z`, the new version number will be `X.0.0`, where `X = x + 1`. That is, we bump up the major version. 
     * If the change is in a schema file, consider the `spec` the latest
       version, and add a JSON patch in the `versions` section to support older
       schemas.
     * If the change is in semantic rules, add a constraint in the rule, so they only apply on
       the indicated version range.
     * Add a changelog entry in the `spec/changelog.yml` file in the section of this major.
  * If the proposed change makes the specification looser than it is at `x.y.z`, the new version number will be `x.Y.0`, where `Y = y + 1`. That is, we bump up the minor version and create a new changelog section in the `spec/changelog.yml` file. Note that adding new, but optional, constraints to a specification is a change that makes a specification looser.
  * If the proposed change does not change the strictness of the specification at `x.y.z`, the new version number will be `x.y.Z`, where `Z = z + 1`. That is, we bump the patch version.

>      * Apply the proposed changes to the existing specification under the `versions/x` folder, where `x` is the major version number of the specification being changed. 

Author: Oh, I missed it, thanks!
